Geek Squad
your next choice your best choice and if
you're looking for some dude in the mood
to be subdued would you assist me for
years fantastic abandon apparently we're
kind of make a little history to this is
the largest crowd they have ever had a
coconut beso give it up come on only way
to keep a potty going as a mega roohani
shake their butt a little bit break a
little sweat we have you things moving
here we go chilly out here we out
John
wow this wedding
oneness jon is
all right one more time for Santa a
tribute to ac/dc went back in black
sarawak
we are full we can't get more people in
sunsplash family waterparks festival
grounds ladies and gentlemen this is the
largest Saturday night ever in the
history of coconut festival 2010 cape
coral rock on far gotta be out soon
during clock
hope you're having a good time so far
tonight all 12,000 of you it's the
biggest show they've had here they had
to close the door so this next one is
for all the people outside that couldn't
get in
take it
to get y'all
Oh